layout: post
title: Developer Goals

My development goals are still a little up in the air at the moment. I know that I want to create applications that people use in their everyday life but I’m not sure yet in what field I want to push myself into yet. I want to create something new that inspires people to get into this trade. Coming from a monotonous field I really want to do something new with development that inspires creativity and wonder in people. I want to build new and exciting things that will keep challenging me so that I am never bored.
One of the main drives in my life is to see that what I build or create can have a positive effect on peoples's lives. Web development has the potential to do that. Whether it is by creating a streaming service that people use for their music or using an app like Siri so people can plan their days, etc, there are infinite possibilities with web development to achieve that and make people's lives just a little bit easier.
I find this to be surprising actually. Before I got into this field I had no idea that so much could be done with development. You tend to not realize how much technology dominates every sector of our lives until you step behind the scenes and start building these things that tend to be overlooked by the general population.
Another goal with development I have is to keep learning and to keep striving for perfection. Even though I've now been doing this for the past six months I don't consider myself to be an expert at all. I still consider myself a beginner and I'm fascinated to be in a field where things are constantly changing and I'm constantly learning new things. I'm a bit of a perfectionist in life and I find myself also applying this to development. I want to learn and master all that there is to learn and constantly improve myself and perfect this new craft.
