layout: post
title: Biggest Coding Challenge

I’d probably say that my biggest coding challenge so far not only learning these new concepts but then applying them to problem solving skills. Coming from a field and a major that was very far away from computers I found that to be my biggest challenge with coding to date. I’ve always been a very theory based person and student back in undergrad. I always remember that I’d have an easy time understanding the definition of something but would always find myself struggling when it came time to apply the concepts to either a coding challenge or when it came to developing web applications throughout my course. I remember taking to my mentor a lot about this particular frustration that I had. It took me a long time to really figure out how to apply the concepts. 
I figured out that coding is a lot of trial and error. You spend hours and days just to make one part of your application work. A lot of the time is spent researching and finding ideas on how to make something work. A lot of times you find yourself just Googling a concept and seeing different ideas that other people had to learn new concepts and methods. I found myself doing that a lot in the beginning, especially with the coding challenges that I had to do. I would first try and find a method through my course material. When I would find that I couldn’t figure it out I would try and research a method to use to accomplish that goal. Doing that also allowed me to teach myself different methods and concepts that were not in my study material. 
The fact that Javascript is such an abstract and complex language makes it challenging in some ways but in other ways you find yourself having multiple methods at your disposal which can make things a little easier. You can always find different ways to come to the same conclusion. 