layout: post
title: Bloc Experience

   My experience with Bloc started in January 2017. I decided to teach myself how to code because I was looking for a career change. I've been working in finance for the last four years and that is how Bloc came into the picture. I wanted to do something different and at the time it seemed as though everyone was going into the technology sector.
  When looking into career changes I spent many nights trying to figure out what the next step in my career was going to be. I was surprised to find out that it looked as though everyone I spoke to or knew was in the technology sector and/or coding side of things. Coming from a non-technology sector and background I did not realize how coding is found in pretty much everything that we do nowadays.
     After that I decided to give coding a try and did research on the different programs and coding schools. I found that Bloc was the best fit for me and my schedule. The whole process between deciding and enrolling took approximately one month. By the beginning of January 2017, I started the program and am about halfway through.
     So far, my experience with Bloc has been both rewarding and challenging. This course has taken me from knowing nothing about coding to having at least an understanding of Frontend Development. So far in my coursework I have learned about Javascript, Juery, and Angular. I’ve been taught how to build basic web applications using those tools. 
    While it’s been challenging coming from a non-tech background I was surprised by how things started to come together once I had the basics down. I found myself learning a new language in the matter of months and have been able to apply those concepts to solve problems. It’s surprised me by how rewarding I’ve found this experience to be so far. I never really considered myself to be a technical person and never saw myself getting into this field, however I find myself really enjoying the different projects and figuring out how to make these applications run the way they’re supposed to. 
  The road so far with Bloc has been rocky, at times stressful and frustrating when trying to understand these new concepts but it is still something that I would do again and it is something I will keep working at. I find it incredibly rewarding solving these problems and making these applications run. 
   Coding feels like solving a gigantic moving puzzle each and every day. Concepts are constantly evolving and changing and you find yourself constantly finding different ways to solve the same problem. I think that’s probably what makes coding exciting. I’m most drawn to the complexity and puzzle-like feel behind it. 
